1. Ioseb Kachiashvili
1. Discord ID: Lashti-Mushti#0013, e-mail: s.kachiashvili@gtu.ge mobile-phone: +995598607226
1. I have some knowledge  of HTML, Css, Javascript and basics of git, but I want to improve them. Get more experience, learn more about git and Javascript frameworks. I've experienced a lot of programming languages such as pascal, Java, C++, C#. Also learned some Flash even tho i never got to use it. Actively using photoshop. But then i decided to finally settle with web programming. I tried to be full stack developer, tried learning php but then abandoned it. So after learning HTML and Css I went on cours in 2019 for Javascript. It ended and then 2020 started and with it the pandecim too. A lot of people used this as opportunity to improve themselves but I did the opposite. I haven't coded pretty much anything since then and I want to change it. This is my motivation and a summary. A little too honest maybe, but I prefer this way. By participating in this course, I would like to learn React, Timescripts and get better using English terminology for developers, since previously I only worked with Georgian speaking teammates.
1. As I mentioned previously, I have some knowledge of HTML, Css, Javascript, git. I tried to learn laravel and some basic node.js using youtube tutorials but gave up after few tries because there were version problems.
1. Latest code examples are all probably on this github account.
1. My coding experience starts from highschool, at that time ucoz.com was popular. If you haven't heard about it, it's cms similar to wordpress and others. After highschool I continued studying web in Georgian Technical University and started working there in 2018. My position is called Content manager, but I do front end and manage e-mails. I've done one freelance project using wordpress: [Opizarivet](http://opizarivet.ge)
1. I have bachelor and masters degree in computer science from Georgian Technical University. I've finished JavaScript Developer course in LEPL College "Information Technologies Academy" [itvet.ge](http://itvet.ge)
1. My English level is B2/C1. I've been learning English since middle school years. I've attended English courses in International House in Georgia. But to be honest the best English lessons I've got are from gaming, since I talk to English speakers about different topics. My English is for speaking, I lack the knowledge of technical words which I hope I can learn here.